[Music]
W
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music] The
prosperous spirit of Vietnam, the
Bodhisattva descends to the mortal realm,
Bodhisattva acts to save
sentient beings, Revives Dai
Viet,
destroys the Buddha's head, Da Yen, leaves a lasting
name for Tran Nhan Tong. Bodhisattva descends to the mortal realm,
establishing the Bodhi Path,
protecting sentient beings, creating conditions to save suffering, Buddhist Dharma,
Universal Salvation, Enlightenment for all people. Tran Nhan
Tong suppresses the Mongol invaders, Dai Viet,
heroic, follows in the footsteps of the Buddha, leaving the royal palace,
building a home in the mountains, performing virtuous deeds, saving all
people. Tran Nhan Tong, with his Bodhi mind, transforms into a king,
spreading the righteous Dharma,
Buddha's praise spreads throughout the people, the Buddha's
teachings are praised forever.
[Music]
Yen Tu, leaves a lasting name for Tran Nhan Tong. Bodhisattva descends to the mortal realm, establishing the Bodhi
Path,
protecting sentient beings, creating conditions to save suffering, Buddhist
Dharma, Universal Salvation, Enlightenment for all people. Tran Nhan
Tong suppresses the Mongol invaders, Dai Viet, heroic, follows
in the footsteps of the Buddha,
leaving the royal palace, building a home in the mountains, performing virtuous deeds, saving all people.
Tran Nhan Tong, Bodhisattva  The Bodhi
mind of Emperor Yao Hua Sheng, a king who
spread the true Dharma of the
Buddha, praised throughout the world, spreading the
Dharma of the Buddha, forever praised for generations
[music] to save the people.
Emperor Tran Nhan Tong, the Bodhi mind of Emperor Yao Hua Sheng, a king who spread the true Dharma of the Buddha, praised
throughout the world, spreading the
Dharma of the Buddha, forever
praised for
generations
[music]
[Applause]
generations
[music]
m